Good evening Good evening, you are an angry person in your
mind
, so it’s exactly from a donatik, so
I’m on the stream at a time,
for God’s sake, I can offer
you kindness in Russian in Russian, if you can speak Donetsk in
Ukrainian, or only this phrase,
you understand now 6  It’s
like I don’t study Ukrainian now in Moscow, it
turns out you lived in Donetsk Until what
year,
up to 20 inclusive, can you communicate?
But the only thing that a lot of the military was
dressed in uniform But it was Yes, but
now, for example, they covered it there somewhere I
just don’t know the geography of Donetsk, there they
covered a warehouse in Donetsk there, that
is, there were some troops in Donetsk, so it
turns out
Well, I  I said I didn’t hold a candle I didn’t
see, I saw only single ones Yes, there are
military men in uniform Well, because it’s
normal after all A military city, that is,
they are still in the city on  we walked
but with mistakes Well, it’s clear
about the shelling, because there they tell us that
they bombed the Donbass for 8 years. Here you are, as a
resident of Donetsk in 20-21, you were heavily
shelled.
you are in the twentieth
year when you left you can’t
remember the bombing of Donetsk there
Well, I just know the sands are located
approximately like this, well, there Four
kilometers from the railway station, I
live in that area and it used to be clearly
visible How it flies from there and flies there,
probably  it’s true that this is not the
point of course, it turns out just like the
Russians say Ukraine just took it for
8 years there shelled the Donbass because
they didn’t agree
clearly that where the line of demarcation was,
if it flies from there, then of course you fly there
when they say that you are there  personally, by the
way, you support the special operation
Well, of course,
as a resident of Donetsk, you think,
look here Let's So how much is it before a
draw or a donch
but it died, for example, in the twentieth year Well, probably less than when the aggravation Yes, that is, I don’t remember what Etymon’s there now, in the past and the year before last, something like 20 people in total throughout the entire territory and the occupied not occupied so it died, including those who they just blew themselves up on mines And now it turns out what they did with Mariupol and now Donetsk That is, it turns out that you, as a resident of Donetsk, who now lives in Moscow, how do you evaluate such a Liberation, but yes, yes, thanks for the question Good question, I want to return and spread a little about it there everything started to support our own for the residents of Donetsk, we’re going to defend Donetsk Luhansk very beautifully, and what happened there after there with Kharkov there with Kyiv and so on. Personally, I don’t understand it and I think it’s logically not a military expert. compare, you saw a photo of Kharkov shelled saltovka what kind of destruction is there Well view  ate saw Here you are, as a resident of Donetsk
until the twentieth year, you can
compare in Donetsk in 20 years the destruction was
less or more than in Kharkov, and
probably less, but
I can immediately say in response that I have
comrades from Gorlovka with this poor
exhausted Well there  I think they are quite
comparable, and personally, my house was the
village of Vesely, it’s also there a couple of
kilometers from the
airport, well, actually, there’s not a single house there
Well, there’s one living there, it’s
some kind of front-line village, so it turns out
Well, about that, yes Well, it turns out If  we will
compare Donetsk because Donetsk was there,
then in Donetsk it is important Donetsk,
if we take Donetsk like this, then Donetsk lived
relatively peacefully like this in comparison
with what is being done there in Kharkov,
listen, but you yourself understand that insofar
as because anyway the war
is going on Anyway  whatever one may say, it
flies to the center Well, if not to the center, then
others are equal to Donetsk, and anyway you are in
danger Well, you always pay
I just compare  it turns out that
before Russia came to help, it
didn’t help,
it turned out that it caused destruction by an
order of magnitude more and the murders
that they did to Mariupol in Severodonetsk
Well, I can say that they probably
provoked more
Why don’t I also say
why Donetsk is being shelled, for example.
It’s obvious that the war is going on Well, that is,
simply because there. But let’s go there for
some kind of archery, or there are some
military facilities just shelled,
there are both military facilities and
absolutely civilian buildings there
for example, why should Ukraine beat
just civilly,
listen Well, nobody canceled a misfire by
chance on purpose, it might be
Ukraine Why
I don’t know, I don’t know,
but just Well, you should probably
understand that the city center is relatively speaking
and arrives generally
where there is nothing military  the only
thing we had there was some kind of
presidential administration  and even there two
men in uniform stood stably at the post
just because of this, how to shell the
center. It also seems stupid, but
I don’t see any other reasons,
especially knowing that there is a
lot of peaceful
stamps there.
khimar themselves laid a
warehouse there in Donetsk in some kind of shopping
center there was an Expo Well, I don’t know exactly the
name, I don’t remember the places to find everything, I
wasn’t interested it turns out that
Russian troops are stationed in the city of
supplies exploded in the city
But you must understand the supply lines
they are arranged  not so, well, or they don’t supply
separately, wait, it turns out that in the
city among the residential areas there were
ammunition depots, so I do
n’t approve of this,
I don’t ask.  Kamaz repaired my place of
residence there Well,
that is, I think It’s quite possible to
say that such a semi-industrial facility
was made there  details Yes, and
accordingly, well, this is what I know about the fact that
people there lived in quarters, I won’t
tell you But look, it turns out you
graduated from school, as it were, you thought
it was the DPR, yes, but you were told at school
how the DPR was formed  and
when yes Well, maybe no one can
explain to me
on April 26, 14, I
wonder how How did
someone organize a
Russian citizen from Russia seized the
city of Slavyansk
before that there were no DPRs
And who announced,
as I understand it, the newly formed
authorities And how, well, who  she was elected
at that time
But this is again a return to the fact that I
was 11 years old, I’m not just here No, you were
taught at school there, here’s the story, they taught me the
history of Ukraine in Ukraine
that the Verkhovna Rada was elected on August 24, 91 on
behalf of the Ukrainian Supreme Council
he represented all the citizens of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic. And then it
turns out that you had the first one. Do you
remember Who was the first head of
your Republic?  say no
beard was Zakharchenko was already a
bearded citizen citizen of the Russian
Federation residents of Moscow how he became
your republic was formed Yes, and he
became some kind of Muscovite became the head of the
Donetsk Republic it happened
Listen, I can’t because I’m definitely a
science Well, how can you Why can I  even on
exact
Well, like this And what do you do
but now I'm doing advertising
Facebook Instagram and the flow sciences what
attracted you to it was mathematics but in general it
attracted
mathematics nothing
else nevertheless maybe it's somehow
played out maybe no it's about the
emergence I won't
And here's what you think. It turns out that you are
now supporting this one, which is why it
started in general in 2014. This
war, because of which it started, turns out to be
a criminal Yes, from two sides,
and again Which of the two again Let's deal
with this moment  From
me point because
maybe
Yes I add maybe
First he took there administration
Yes that is It is a crime  in relation
to the statehood of Ukraine and then, as
we all know, according to the agreement, it was
Ukraine, that is, this is a crime in
relation to the inhabitants of the DPR,
but it’s like that the shooters surrendered to Ukraine
Slavyansk Yes, it seems to me I didn’t know, that is,
there they were already surrounded by the installation of porridge, he
Well, listen to  I have different information I’m
not a military man, but I won’t argue, it
turns out that the
Russians started the war, so these
Girkin companies and others Yes, Russians and
now Russia has come to liberate
and you think that this is right, so I
can’t understand,
I can’t explain that
personally I have
a lot of friends  which
really were ideological,
just voting,
that’s why it’s really possible
somewhere sometime and under the start, but the people
really supported it,
supported it when this referendum was here,
so it was on May 11th,
that is, it was already when hostilities were going
on, that is, there was no one with a pro
the Ukrainian position could no longer lean out
and he went to the basement
who about
Ukrainians lived there in the twentieth year in
this year in the fourteenth year before they killed in
Gorlovka after the capture of Horlivka a
couple of days later immediately a deputy of the city
council Vladimir Rybak, but
remember this photo of a woman in Donetsk
tied to a pole with this
Ukrainian flag and a sign and Dali there  that she is an
accomplice
I don’t know
I wonder how in such
situations it was possible to show my
Ukrainian position so I was afraid to
honestly hear about a boy in panties
the position of such people
right away
Well, as in Donetsk it’s already a prison isolation,
you know,
let’s say there is such a prison True Well
, I heard something, I heard something, there is a
surname released from there, Gene Oseev,
he wrote a book about his stay in this
prison about attempts about it That is, it
turns out And how much  there are still people
there, it turns out that some
people came to
capture  or then the
authorities began to throw all the objectionable in the
basements and what kind of choice are we talking about then it
’s not true it’s not true I myself say
that I personally have a couple of friends of the
position who lived in Donetsk until 2020
, they don’t hide absolutely not there with a
flag they couldn’t go out and say that  we are
for a united
Well, I didn’t have such cases, so I’m out
for beer They could be true That I’m for
Ukraine And to go to a school rally is to
advertise calmly Well, these children were
like that
Well, as children of 17-16 years old,
you know about this prison isolation
Here  and in your opinion, how this
should all end, here Russia attacked
Ukraine So how much more should she kill the
Russian-speakers Here she came to defend the
Russian-speakers killed in Kharkov there in
Kherson a bunch of Russian-speakers
continue to kill How much more do
you think this should last for
Russia  finished How much longer will it last
on what should be the finish of this
all that should be the finish so but
let's talk about what
suits me
personally  chit he Donetsk just move the
height to the radius
itself, since I also live there 4K meters from the
line of contact, that is, for me
it is even more relevant, yes, but in
general, it would suit me more than the
rest of the land. You already
know this, that is, it turns out  that is, you
just want, I understand correctly,
you just want nothing to come to you
And what will happen There, if Lugansk arrives,
this is no longer your problem No,
Lugansk is also with us a mouse for 8 years,
you just want nothing at home
at home So
listen like the son of your parents Yes, and
there suddenly my friends who are there in
Donetsk, of course, first of
all, I want
Donetsk not to fly in. And if the Russian troops leave for the territory of Russia, they will not remain in Donetsk Luhansk, you won’t be
arriving really
true  it’s logical, maybe this is also the
solution turns out If Russian
troops leave for Russia There is no war,
listen if we speak  about the
decision, this is definitely a decision, but is
it an acceptable decision, why is it not
acceptable to you, I can explain Yes, what
may have been done there by
several Russia now and many have lost their
fuse Yes, about the Russian world and so
on Because Russia was adopted for 8 years
waiting for an instant effect  It didn’t happen
Oddly enough
But to Ukraine There are even more
offended people,
and why
listen to the monkeys Yes, I can
tell you personally that the family is
faced with what you are offended by Ukraine
Interestingly, well, firstly, again, 4
kilometers from
sand I live Yes, I saw how a
mouse flew figured out who started the war Here you are
who started the war
it’s not about that
before the war started you didn’t fly anything
so who started the war began to believe who
is to blame for the fact that you flew near the
house turns out
and Russia  who supported him
Ukraine then if I sit on the other
side and flies to me from you,
then accordingly I have a view of
you that is logical.
For example, you  from somewhere the Second
World War
came, for example, look, the Germans came
running in And here comes Stalingrad here
shoot here
our grandfathers they were somehow offended by the
Soviet troops Because something here
Soviet bombs are flying over us at the
Germans
who are to blame for the Soviet troops that
shoot  for the Germans, or are the Germans to blame
for climbing into this territory, I
understand, yes, but the question is whether the
residents agree with what is happening
Who is to blame who is to blame for the fact that these
residents are shelling,
we can find out Who is to blame, that is,
Russia and Girkin so
en Well, Girkin is not himself  here is a former FSB officer
So well, there are no former ones, yes, but they say Yes,
but they kept Well, yes, because he was appointed there,
this beard from Moscow was appointed then
so self-employed when it was necessary to take
Girkin from this
weapon, everything was supplied there beech, too, they
shot at a Boeing, they already proved That is, it
turns out that  Russia unleashed this
war, but resentment in Ukraine
Let me see, I can’t understand the Logic
Well, we won’t understand each other because we
live in different worlds  For 10 years now, almost no
idea depends on where we live,
so here's the truth. If we agree on the wallpaper
that Dirkin and Russia started the war
,
yes,
they are Ukraine, that is
, we have no dispute. Therefore, we found a
common denominator.
I understand that there is  responsible, the one
who started the war, he is responsible
for the fact that it all started
and here,
and so my father personally
told me that he was personally dissatisfied
there, conditionally, it was about autonomy and
about some kind of how the Republic of Crimea
was for some reason in  unitary state
Well, conditionally I also wanted to, and Donetsk
didn’t decide peacefully, so when
it came to weapons, conditionally there, my father and
my relatives, Ukraine,
in Moscow,
they went to vote
because it arrives, that is, I
say what happens if it’s
like this if it’s  the war didn’t start
, something would fly in to you Of course not, but I
’m trying to explain that if it
didn’t work out peacefully, then it always turns into an
armed conflict Why
Mitin  there are a lot of things there Well, look
There were rallies in Donetsk, you
don’t remember, they just passed,
it didn’t really end yet, for example, something here
they alone wanted one other, a
small number of people came out there and
like we are now saying that
Donetsk is there What is the most basic  what
happens so that we
sum it up like this, that is, it turns out that
Russia started the war, but resentment goes to
Ukraine, so I understand
you like this, a little
war, the beginning of Russia.
He just fell from the sky or he
imagines
if he is just some kind of Russian citizen.
for the fact that
he unleashed a war
already to the government
That is, it turns out, look like Why,
when he told him from Moscow, they told him to
get out before they supervised him But
it was Well, of course, the reaction That
's it, Donetsk Lugansk to the
coup d'état in Ukraine, which
coup d'état
Maidan which is the
sixth grade  yes, that is, you don’t
remember what was there in Donetsk, but they
are ready to pile on about coup d’état, so
I read  something I read, it turns out that you
were here in the fourteenth year in the sixth
grade about how your DPR was formed,
you don’t know you, but you’re
ready for progesterone and you didn’t think Why did they
pile on you so much that they didn’t tell you without a coup
Nothing how
Dana
Yashin appeared  I say, I don’t deny that it’s possible and they
told me. It’s just that I don’t want to say
What they said because I don’t
remember it, I’m trying Well, how to adequately
introduce an objective position
. You have this imperial flag behind you, and that’s
why you hung it and damn damn damn
damn
man understands that
resentment against Ukraine
with broken brains
Just after the
liberation of these territories, until Ukraine
will have to pursue a competent
information policy, so that is
, a year or two.
turns on, he doesn’t
remember what happened there, how it was organized,
this is the DPR, who appointed this beard. I’m up to
where he came from.  orot he is ready to
tell everything because this
is how Russian propaganda works